May Serenity updates (#598)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/updates/2020-05/2-2-way-associations.md

> # New association type: the 2-way association

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# New association type: the two-way association
```

::: meta-data type="New" features="Product associations, Productivity, Data Governance" available="mid-May" link-to-doc="../articles/manage-your-association-types.html#create-a-2-way-association-type"
:::

> We created a new association type named **2-way association**. You can find it in `Settings` then `Association types`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Easily handle products compatibility in your PIM thanks to our **brand new two-way association type**! This new association type is now available under `Settings`/`Association types`.
```

> Easily handle products compatibility in your PIM thanks to our **brand new two-way association type**! This new association type is now available under `Settings`/`Association types`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Easily handle product compatibility in your PIM thanks to our **brand new two-way association type**! This new association type is now available under `Settings`/`Association types`.
```

> When associating some products with others, you now have the possibility to link them thanks to a two-way association.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you choose the two-way association type, and associate product A with product B, product B will **automatically** be associated with product A.
```

> Example: if you associate product A to product B, product B will **automatically** be associated with product A.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> This feature is particularly useful for clients who need to display products that are compatible with other products (like machines and spare parts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use a 2-way association if you need to easily link substitute or replacement products, or compatible products like appliances and spare parts.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use a 2-way association if you need to easily link substitute or replacement items, or products that are compatible such as appliances and spare parts.
```
